Azure  : Industry Leaders on PAAS and IAAS
 - Supports various languages 
 -
 Architecture :

Data Centers : are buildings that contain Physical Servers. Not just One but many servers connected over a network, that has its own power and cooling unit
- They are located all over the globe
- There are more than 163 + Azure Datacenters

Azure Geographies : are locations within the globe that requires data to be available with in the geography

Azure Region : is a set of datacenters that are connected through a dedicated network. A region may even have just 1 datacenter. As of 2022, there were around 58 regions worldwide

Availability Zones : a unique physical location within a region, where there can be one or more datacenters. Not all regions have availability centers
- Regions that support availability zones have a minimum of 3 separate zones

Fault Domain : If there is a fault of power outage, equipment failure at one zone, we still have the other 2 zones to work with, as all the datacenters in a zone are physically separated

Update Domain : When one VM is being updated in zone1, then we have the data available in other 2 zones (2 and 3)

Region Pairs : are regions paired within a geography that must be at least 300 miles apart

Services : 
  1. Azure Devops
  2. Azure Blob Services
  3. Azure Virtual Machines
  4. Azure Backup
  5. Azure Cosmos DB
  6. Azure Logic Apps
  7. Azure Active Directory
  8. Azure API Management
  9. Azure Content Delivery Network
  10. Azure Site Recovery


Amazon Web Services :
 - Compute Services 
      EC2
      Lambda
      Elastic Bean Stalk

 -  Storage Services
      S3 (Simple storage service)
      Elastic Block Store
      Amazon Glacier
      
 -  Database Services
      DynamoDB
      Aurora
      RDS

 -  Migration Service
      SnowBall
      Aws database migration service

 -  Networking and content Delivery Service
      Amazon Route 53
      Amazon CloudFront

 -  Management Tools
     Aws CloudWatch
     Aws CloudTrail
     Aws CloudFomation

 -  Security and Identity Compliance
     Aws IAM
     Aws KMS
     Aws Shield

 -  Aws Messaging Services
     Amazon Pinpoint
     Amazon SQS
     Amazon SES
     Amazon SNS  
  